refactor: Websocket clients can now subscribe to specific subjects (#364)
0xB10C/peer-observer: tools/websocket/README.md

          Print version
```

## Event Filtering with Subscriptions

> Clients can filter which events they receive by sending subscription messages after connecting. Subscriptions allow fine-grained control over event types to reduce bandwidth and processing load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients must subscribe to events they want to receive by sending subscription messages after connecting. Subscriptions allow fine-grained control over event types to reduce bandwidth and processing load.
```

### How subscriptions work

> When a client connects, it receives **no events by default** until it sends a subscription message. Clients can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a client connects, it receives **no events** until it sends a subscription message. Clients can:
```

- Send a JSON subscription message to configure which events to receive
  - e.g. `{ "ebpf": { "messages": true } }`, `{ "rpc": true }`
  - All fields default to `false` when omitted, so you only need to include what you want

> - Send `"help"` to receive the default subscription format as a reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
